greetings and salutations I am your
humble Adobe instructor AJ Wood and this
is a tutorial brought to you by tip
squirrel comm we're talking Photoshop
cs5 and today I'm going to talk about
high dynamic range imagery or HDR let's
go ahead and jump in on my screen you
can see that I have a new panel it's
called mini bridge I'm gonna click on
the icon and open this panel and inside
I'll select the images and I'm going to
bring them up fullscreen as we take a
look you can see what I have are three
different exposures of the same scene
I'm going to use Photoshop to combine
these together as a single exposure so
from within mini bridge I'll click on
the tools button I'll go to the
Photoshop menu and then choose merge to
HDR pro it's worth noting that now's a
good time to run and get a cup of coffee
it's gonna take a little time to
actually go through and crunch these
images and combine them into a single
exposure that you can play around with
in the merge to HDR pro dialog box right
so just kind of keep that in mind the
better the Commission the faster it's
gonna run alright it looks like we got
our merged hgr dialog box up let me jump
up and pull this in front of you and I'm
gonna start by just clicking on a preset
I'm gonna grab a photorealistic preset
and what I have now you're looking at
the combined exposures right let's talk
about the faders we have the first
section which talks about edge glow then
I have a toned detail section and then
down towards the bottom is my color
section I'm gonna agree with a post and
Matt costs Kowski put up earlier this
week and I'm gonna move the detail
slider and I want you to see that the
detail slider really is sharpening the
photo pulls in a lot of information and
you can really kind of adjust the other
faders around this ain't so I want you
to keep in mind if you're coming to
Photoshop cs5 and you're using
photomatix there's not a one-to-one with
the faders hey there is going to be a
little bit of a learner
curve to get up to speed and how the
faders work in merge to HDR pro right
right so I start again with the detail
slider this really kind of just grabs
all the sharpness pulls it up pulls up
the contrast and then I can start
playing wrong with the other faders so
you'll notice now if I drag up the
strength in my edge glow and I drag up
the radius in my edge glow hey this is
where you're really getting the haloing
that a lot of people see in HDR photos
so if I back the radius off
notice the haloing starts to die down
certainly if I start to pull the
strength down look at the trees pull the
strength down I can start to pull back
hey that haloing I'm gonna drop the
radius some more hey and that works out
a little bit better
if I start to move into the tone and
detail section again sliding gamma to
the left is going to affect more than
mid-tone range sliding and gamma to the
right gives it again kind of a drawn
look because we're hitting the
highlights in the shadow areas right so
I'm actually gonna move mine a little
bit more to the left playing around with
the exposure is just gonna adjust the
overall brightness in the scene so
really really bright really really dark
playing with the shadow and highlight
faders will make the shadow and
highlights either brighter or darker so
I'm just gonna darken up the shadow
areas I play around with the highlights
here they are brighter I'm gonna pull
that back down a little bit if we jump
into the color section it's worth noting
that vibrance is gonna target the muted
colors first right and then saturation
is going to boost up the overall scene
so I'm going to take vibrance all the
way to the top look at how that grabs
the sky it kind of grabs part of the RUS
color and then if I boost up saturation
that's just a little bit too much a
little bit over-the-top so I'm gonna
pull saturation back right so those are
some of the faders inside those are some
of the adjustments for HDR certainly
it's subjective you're gonna play around
and decide what you like I do recommend
going to the presets and I'll just run
through them real quick you can see that
this is kind of a surreal holistic high
contrast preset hey that's really kind
of over the top and I don't know it
gives it kind of a mood I think you know
it's not too bad I have a more saturated
preset here we can pull up this one a
little bit too cartoony for me I'm not a
big fan of that but we also have black
and white so here's a monochromatic
conversion I actually you know kind of
like this one right but what I might do
is maybe punch in back some of the
vibrance punch back in some of the
saturation and bring back some of the
color to the scene right just kind of
give it a desaturated look once you have
played around with the faders the thing
that really stands out and merge to HDR
pro is its ability to remove artifacts
right so I'm gonna make a couple
adjustments here let me go back to the
photorealistic preset hey and I'm gonna
just pull up some of the detail here I
want to do that hey that's good drop
down my gamma and I'm gonna zoom in on
the bottom portion of the photo because
you can notice down in the bottom
portion of the photo the weeds were kind
of blowing in the wind when I took this
photograph so I had it on a tripod but
you know I couldn't do anything to
account for the wind so I'm gonna go
ahead and check the box it says remove
ghosts and what this will do is pick one
of your images the one that's the most
balanced and it will make it the base
image and you can see that it
essentially removed the artifacts
removed the weeds from the other two
images and took them out of the scene
all right so that the ghost feature of
the removed ghost feature I really like
in this merge to HDR pro hey I don't use
it a whole lot in photomatix I think it
works really really well here hey so I'm
gonna go ahead and zoom out and let's go
ahead and merge this together and as
this is combining together let me give
you a couple tips if you're gonna do
some HDR photography but keep in mind
shoot with a tripod right use your
camera's auto bracketing if it comes
with it set your camera to aperture
priority if you can use burst mode and
then use a cable release
hey looks like our image is done let's
go ahead and we'll pull it
I'm gonna close the mini panel
hey the mini bridge there and then this
is the final exposure right so you can
see that's how you use mini bridge mini
bridge that's how you do HDR with merge
to HDR and Photoshop I hope well it was
quite a bit for me so I'm AJ would
appreciate you hanging out this morning
have an awesome time
hey great afternoon even ciao